welcome to my house
okay bl-bl-bl sell myself yeah
father we talk all the useful
to say that we may be better
the video features are now they are
dealing them without big idea
we have Latoya of storms breaking the
right road Kira Kela
also suicide having fun I care to remind
what I wrapped it all up I can be able
I'm here
roof fun to spawn on and puttin ya block
hood you're telling bill
yeah well here somewhere about they will
do initially
hello
welcome to my house
yoky live in
yeah okay yeah we have
come up here the Evoque the Queen
together okay
all right
yeah
so
by
okay we shall tell cook so many a fact
then you open the piquancy poster
punishes carefully